Update boolean.md (#533)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: Documentation~/boolean.md

You can only access this feature from the menu, because it is experimental:

1. [Enable experimental features](preferences.md#experimental).
2. To open the Boolean (Experimental) window, from the main menu, go to **Tools** > **ProBuilder** > **Experimental** > **Boolean (CSG) Tool**. 
3. Set references to the ProBuilder Meshes just under the preview windows on the left and the right side.

> 4. Select one of the boolean operation types from the **Operation** drop-down menu: [Intersection](#intersect), [Union](#union), or [Subtraction](#subtract).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select one of the boolean operation types from the **Operation** dropdown menu: [Intersection](#intersect), [Union](#union), or [Subtraction](#subtract).
```

Author: ```suggestion
4. Select one of the boolean operation types from the **Operation** menu: [Intersection](#intersect), [Union](#union), or [Subtraction](#subtract).
```

Author: We're not really supposed to be too specific with UI components.
